README.md, before:

<table><tr><td valign="top" width="50%">

### Projects I am currently working on 📂
* [**🧭🌐 into-the-graph**](https://github.com/MaastrichtU-IDS/into-the-graph)
  * accessible at [trek.semanticscience.org](https://trek.semanticscience.org)
  * visualize and browse the content of any SPARQL endpoints
  * based on generic SPARQL queries, supports [graphs](https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql11-query/#unnamedGraph), and [HCLS descriptive metadata](https://www.w3.org/TR/hcls-dataset/)
  * settings can easily be changed in the browser without login ⚙️
* [**🔮🐍 Translator OpenPredict**](https://maastrichtu-ids.github.io/translator-openpredict/)    
  * build machine learning model to predict new Drug-Targets association using the PREDICT method for the [NCATS Translator project](https://ncats.nih.gov/translator).
* [**🔬📢 Nanopublications and the Knowledge Collaboratory**](http://nanopub.org/wordpress/)
  * explore the use of Nanopublications to build a knowledge graph of scientific claims.
* [**🚜🌾 Eureka project**](https://h2020eureka.eu/about)
  * design a digital repository for European agronomical resources
  * EU-funded projects that aim to improve the flow of agricultural and rural knowledge
* **[🐳🔭 The Data Science Research Infrastructure](https://maastrichtu-ids.github.io/dsri-documentation/)**
  * set up deployments and documentation of the DSRI OpenShift cluster to run Data Science jobs, and providing support to run any type of workload or services
* **[🕸️🐳 Data2Services](https://d2s.semanticscience.org)**
  * a Command Line Interface to orchestrate the deployment of RDF Knowledge Graphs built from heterogenous structured data sources

</td><td valign="top" width="50%">

### Releases 🏷️
<!-- recent_releases starts -->
* [objmpp-classification Version 0.0.4](https://github.com/JEmonet67/objmpp-classification/releases/tag/0.0.4) - 2020-07-10
* [sparql-operations-action First release of](https://github.com/vemonet/sparql-operations-action/releases/tag/v1) - 2020-06-10
* [jena-riot-action GitHub Action for Jena riot v3.14](https://github.com/vemonet/jena-riot-action/releases/tag/v3.14) - 2020-06-03
* [yarrrml-parser YARRRML Parser GitHub Action for v1.1](https://github.com/vemonet/yarrrml-parser/releases/tag/v1.1) - 2020-06-01
* [rmlmapper-java Action for rmlmapper v4.8.0](https://github.com/vemonet/rmlmapper-java/releases/tag/v4.8) - 2020-05-29
<!-- recent_releases ends -->
<!-- See [all releases](https://github.com/vemonet/vemonet/blob/master/releases.md) -->

### Contributions 🧞
<!-- contributions starts -->
* [protegeproject/webprotege](https://github.com/protegeproject/webprotege) - The webprotege code base
* [perma-id/w3id.org](https://github.com/perma-id/w3id.org) - Website source code for w3id.org
* [AKSW/RDFUnit](https://github.com/AKSW/RDFUnit) - An RDF Unit Testing Suite
* [dice-group/LIMES](https://github.com/dice-group/LIMES) - Link Discovery Framework for Metric Spaces.
* [Nanopublication/nanopub-java](https://github.com/Nanopublication/nanopub-java) - Java library for nanopublications based on RDF4J
* [RMLio/RMLStreamer](https://github.com/RMLio/RMLStreamer) - The RMLStreamer executes RML rules to generate high quality Linked Data from multiple originally (semi-)structured data sources in a streaming way.
* [amalic/Jupyterlab](https://github.com/amalic/Jupyterlab) - Jupyterlab Docker image running as root user with useful extensions and dark theme
* [dwslab/jRDF2Vec](https://github.com/dwslab/jRDF2Vec) - A high-performance Java Implementation of RDF2Vec
* [NCATS-Tangerine/translator-testing-framework](https://github.com/NCATS-Tangerine/translator-testing-framework) - A testing framework for Translator using tests written in Behave
* [comunica/jQuery-Widget.js](https://github.com/comunica/jQuery-Widget.js) - 🖼 A jQuery widget to query heterogeneous interfaces using Comunica SPARQL
* [NCATSTranslator/NCATSTranslator.github.io](https://github.com/NCATSTranslator/NCATSTranslator.github.io) - None
<!-- contributions ends -->

</td></tr></table>

[![Vincent's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vemonet&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<a href="https://github.com/vemonet/vemonet/actions"><img src="https://github.com/vemonet/vemonet/workflows/Build%20README/badge.svg" align="right" alt="Build README"></a> <a href="https://simonwillison.net/2020/Jul/10/self-updating-profile-readme/">Based on simonw self-updating README</a>


<!--
Personal stats API (not working):
[![Vincent's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-sage.vercel.app/api?username=vemonet&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Create table:
<table><tr><td valign="top">
1st column
</td><td valign="top">
2nd column
</td></tr></table>

**vemonet/vemonet** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

add google scholar and gitter links

README.md, after:

<table><tr><td valign="top" width="50%">

### Projects I am currently working on 📂
* [**🧭🌐 into-the-graph**](https://github.com/MaastrichtU-IDS/into-the-graph)
  * accessible at [trek.semanticscience.org](https://trek.semanticscience.org)
  * visualize and browse the content of any SPARQL endpoints
  * based on generic SPARQL queries, supports [graphs](https://www.w3.org/TR/sparql11-query/#unnamedGraph), and [HCLS descriptive metadata](https://www.w3.org/TR/hcls-dataset/)
  * settings can easily be changed in the browser without login ⚙️
* [**🔮🐍 Translator OpenPredict**](https://maastrichtu-ids.github.io/translator-openpredict/)    
  * build machine learning model to predict new Drug-Targets association using the PREDICT method for the [NCATS Translator project](https://ncats.nih.gov/translator).
* [**🔬📢 Nanopublications and the Knowledge Collaboratory**](http://nanopub.org/wordpress/)
  * explore the use of Nanopublications to build a knowledge graph of scientific claims.
* [**🚜🌾 Eureka project**](https://h2020eureka.eu/about)
  * design a digital repository for European agronomical resources
  * EU-funded projects that aim to improve the flow of agricultural and rural knowledge
* **[🐳🔭 The Data Science Research Infrastructure](https://maastrichtu-ids.github.io/dsri-documentation/)**
  * set up deployments and documentation of the DSRI OpenShift cluster to run Data Science jobs, and providing support to run any type of workload or services
* **[🕸️🐳 Data2Services](https://d2s.semanticscience.org)**
  * a Command Line Interface to orchestrate the deployment of RDF Knowledge Graphs built from heterogenous structured data sources

</td><td valign="top" width="50%">

### Releases 🏷️
<!-- recent_releases starts -->
* [objmpp-classification Version 0.0.4](https://github.com/JEmonet67/objmpp-classification/releases/tag/0.0.4) - 2020-07-10
* [sparql-operations-action First release of](https://github.com/vemonet/sparql-operations-action/releases/tag/v1) - 2020-06-10
* [jena-riot-action GitHub Action for Jena riot v3.14](https://github.com/vemonet/jena-riot-action/releases/tag/v3.14) - 2020-06-03
* [yarrrml-parser YARRRML Parser GitHub Action for v1.1](https://github.com/vemonet/yarrrml-parser/releases/tag/v1.1) - 2020-06-01
* [rmlmapper-java Action for rmlmapper v4.8.0](https://github.com/vemonet/rmlmapper-java/releases/tag/v4.8) - 2020-05-29
<!-- recent_releases ends -->
<!-- See [all releases](https://github.com/vemonet/vemonet/blob/master/releases.md) -->

### Contributions 🧞
<!-- contributions starts -->
* [protegeproject/webprotege](https://github.com/protegeproject/webprotege) - The webprotege code base
* [perma-id/w3id.org](https://github.com/perma-id/w3id.org) - Website source code for w3id.org
* [AKSW/RDFUnit](https://github.com/AKSW/RDFUnit) - An RDF Unit Testing Suite
* [dice-group/LIMES](https://github.com/dice-group/LIMES) - Link Discovery Framework for Metric Spaces.
* [Nanopublication/nanopub-java](https://github.com/Nanopublication/nanopub-java) - Java library for nanopublications based on RDF4J
* [RMLio/RMLStreamer](https://github.com/RMLio/RMLStreamer) - The RMLStreamer executes RML rules to generate high quality Linked Data from multiple originally (semi-)structured data sources in a streaming way.
* [amalic/Jupyterlab](https://github.com/amalic/Jupyterlab) - Jupyterlab Docker image running as root user with useful extensions and dark theme
* [dwslab/jRDF2Vec](https://github.com/dwslab/jRDF2Vec) - A high-performance Java Implementation of RDF2Vec
* [NCATS-Tangerine/translator-testing-framework](https://github.com/NCATS-Tangerine/translator-testing-framework) - A testing framework for Translator using tests written in Behave
* [comunica/jQuery-Widget.js](https://github.com/comunica/jQuery-Widget.js) - 🖼 A jQuery widget to query heterogeneous interfaces using Comunica SPARQL
* [NCATSTranslator/NCATSTranslator.github.io](https://github.com/NCATSTranslator/NCATSTranslator.github.io) - None
<!-- contributions ends -->

</td></tr></table>

[![Vincent's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vemonet&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[**Publications on Google Scholar 🎓**](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=G59f3woAAAAJ&sortby=pubdate)

[**Contact me on Gitter 📬**](https://gitter.im/vemonet)


<a href="https://github.com/vemonet/vemonet/actions"><img src="https://github.com/vemonet/vemonet/workflows/Build%20README/badge.svg" align="right" alt="Build README"></a> <a href="https://simonwillison.net/2020/Jul/10/self-updating-profile-readme/">Based on simonw self-updating README</a>


<!--
Personal stats API (not working):
[![Vincent's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-sage.vercel.app/api?username=vemonet&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Create table:
<table><tr><td valign="top">
1st column
</td><td valign="top">
2nd column
</td></tr></table>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
